JMS Script Driver Sample
--------------------------



1. Introduction
-----------------
This sample demonstrates how the IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS components (JMS Connector, and System Queue connector) use the JMS Script Driver to connect to the WebSphere Default JMS provider.


1.1. IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS Drivers
--------------------------------------------------
IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator 6.1 introduced the concept of IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS Drivers - these are modules which allow IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator to use any JMS provider.
Please note that these are different from the JMS provider drivers.
The IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS Driver for a particular provider deals with the specifics of obtaining a connection to the JMS provider (according to the JMS specification this initialization is done in a provider-specific way).
The IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS driver implementations for the following JMS providers are designated standard and are provided out of the box in IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator:
	IBM WebSphere MQ
	IBM WebSphere MQ Everyplace (MQe)
	IBM WebSphere ESB
	A JMS Script Driver
IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator solution developers and IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator bundlers can either
	1.	Use one of the standard IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS drivers above, or
	2.	Write a custom IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS driver
		a.	either in JavaScript using the IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS Script Driver (this is what this JMS Script Driver sample uses), or
		b.	in Java

For more information on IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS Drivers please see the IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator documentation.


1.2 The JMS Script Driver IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS Driver
----------------------------------------------------------------------
This sample uses the IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS Script Driver - a custom JavaScript file (which is the implementation of this IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS driver for WebSphere Default JMS provider) is provided as part of this sample which allows the IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JMS component to use Websphere Application Server(WAS) as a Default JMS provider.




2. Configuration
------------------
This custom IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator JavaScript of JMS Script Driver uses the following parameters:
	jms.broker : [required] the URL of the message broker in the format host:port:bootstrap_messaging
	jms.serverChannel: [required] the bus_name of JMS Provider (Websphere Application Server)
	jms.username : [optional] username for authentication before the message broker; the default is an empty string
	jms.password : [optional] password for authentication before the message broker; the default is an empty string

For the JMS Connector these properties are taken from the Connector configuration in the IBM Security Verify Directory Integrator configuration file.




3. Examples
-------------



3.1 Setup
----------
These examples assume that there is a Websphere Application Server (WAS) is running on the local host, with a profile (default) created, which accepts SIB communication on port 7276. 
